Q1.Write a Java Program to print sum of two numbers
Q2.Write a Java Program to print difference of two numbers
Q3.Write a Java Program to print product of two numbers
Q4.Write a Java Program to print Quoficient of two numbers
Q5.Write a Java Program to print remainder of two numbers
Q6.Write a Java Program to Swap two numbers using third variable
Q7.Write a Java Program to Swap of two numbers without using third variable
Q8.Java Program to print the last digit of given number N
Q9.Java Program to print the all digits Except last digit of given number N
Q10.Write a Java Program to print the sum of the first and last digit of a 3-digit number.
Q11.Write a Java Program to print the middle digit of a 3-digit number.
Q12.Write a Java Program to print the absolute value of a given number.
Q13. Write a Java Program to print the square of a given number
Q14. Write a Java Program to print the cube of a given number
Q15. Write a Java Program to calculate the average of three numbers
Q16.Write a Java Program to check whether two numbers are equal True if equal else False.
Q17.Write a Java Program to check if a number is power of 2 using bitwise AND.
Q18.Write a Java Program to print whether a number is positive or negative.
Q19.Write a Java Program to find the greatest of three numbers.
Q20.Write a Java Program to print pass/fail result based on marks.


Q1.Write a Java Program to find area of Rectangle
Q2.Write a Java Program to find area of Square
Q3.Write a Java Program to find area of Triangle
Q4.Write a Java Program to find area of Javaircle
Q5.Write a Java Program to find the distance between two points
Q6.Write a Java Program to calculate Fahrenheit to Javaelsius
Q7.Write a Java Program to calculate Javaelsius to Fahrenheit
Q8.Write a Java Program to find Perimeter of a Square
Q9.Write a Java Program to find Perimeter of a Rectangle
Q10.Write a Java Program to find Perimeter of a Triangle
Q11.Write a Java Program to find Javaircumference of a Javaircle
Q12.Write a Java Program to find Surface Area, Volume, and Perimeter of a Javaube
Q13.Write a Java Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a Javauboid
Q14.Write a Java Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a Sphere
Q15.Write a Java Program to find Surface Area and Volume of a Javaylinder
